Revise the page to accurately document the well-known labels, annotations and taints (#25998)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints.md

If `PersistentVolumeLabel` does not support automatic labeling of your PersistentVolumes, you should consider
adding the labels manually (or adding support for `PersistentVolumeLabel`). With `PersistentVolumeLabel`, the scheduler prevents Pods from mounting volumes in a different zone. If your infrastructure doesn't have this constraint, you don't need to add the zone labels to the volumes at all.

## node.kubernetes.io/windows-build {#nodekubernetesiowindows-build}

Example: `node.kubernetes.io/windows-build=10.0.17763`

Used on: Node

When the kubelet is running on Microsoft Windows, it automatically labels its node to record the version of Windows Server in use.

The label's value is in the format "MajorVersion.MinorVersion.BuildNumber".

## service.kubernetes.io/headless {#servicekubernetesioheadless}

Example: `service.kubernetes.io/headless=""`

Used on: Service

The control plane adds this label to an Endpoints object when the owning Service is headless.

## kubernetes.io/service-name {#kubernetesioservice-name}

> Example: `kubernetes.io/service-name="nginx"`

Reviewer: Because `nginx` is (can be) a load-balancing solution, I suggest:
```suggestion
Example: `kubernetes.io/service-name="mywebapp"`
```

Is that better?

Used on: Service

> Kubernetes uses this label to differentiate multiple Services. Used currently for `ELB`(Elastic Load Balancer) only.

Reviewer: Is this correct:
```suggestion
Kubernetes uses this label to differentiate multiple Services. Only used for Services that integrate with AWS Elastic Load Balancing using the legacy AWS cloud-controller-manager.
```
?

## endpointslice.kubernetes.io/managed-by {#endpointslicekubernetesiomanaged-by}

Example: `endpointslice.kubernetes.io/managed-by="controller"`

Used on: EndpointSlices

The label is used to indicate the controller or entity that manages an EndpointSlice. This label aims to enable different EndpointSlice objects to be managed by different controllers or entities within the same cluster.

## endpointslice.kubernetes.io/skip-mirror {#endpointslicekubernetesioskip-mirror}

Example: `endpointslice.kubernetes.io/skip-mirror="true"`

Used on: Endpoints

The label can be set to `"true"` on an Endpoints resource to indicate that the EndpointSliceMirroring controller should not mirror this resource with EndpointSlices.

## service.kubernetes.io/service-proxy-name {#servicekubernetesioservice-proxy-name}

Example: `service.kubernetes.io/service-proxy-name="foo-bar"`

Used on: Service

The kube-proxy has this label for custom proxy, which delegates service control to custom proxy.

## experimental.windows.kubernetes.io/isolation-type

Example: `experimental.windows.kubernetes.io/isolation-type: "hyperv"`

Used on: Pod

> The annotation is used to run Windows containers with Hyper-V isolation. To use Hyper-V isolation feature and create a Hyper-V isolated container, the kubelet should be started with feature gates HyperVContainer=true and the Pod should include the annotation experimental.windows.kubernetes.io/isolation-type=hyperv.

Reviewer: I'd write:
```suggestion
The annotation is used to run Windows pods with Hyper-V isolation. To use Hyper-V isolation feature and create a Hyper-V isolated pod, the kubelet should be started with the [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) `HyperVContainer` enabled, and the Pod should include the annotation `experimental.windows.kubernetes.io/isolation-type=hyperv`.
```

{{< note >}}
You can only set this annotation on Pods that have a single container.
{{< /note >}}

## ingressclass.kubernetes.io/is-default-class

Example: `ingressclass.kubernetes.io/is-default-class: "true"`

Used on: IngressClass

> When a single IngressClass resource has this annotation set to `"true"`, new Ingress resource without a class specified will be assigned this default class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When exactly one IngressClass resource has this annotation set to `"true"`, and you then create a new Ingress resource without a class specified, the control plane assigns this default class to the new Ingress.
```
?

**The taints listed below are always used on Nodes**

## node.kubernetes.io/not-ready

Example: `node.kubernetes.io/not-ready:NoExecute`

The node controller detects whether a node is ready by monitoring its health and adds or removes this taint accordingly.

## node.kubernetes.io/unreachable

Example: `node.kubernetes.io/unreachable:NoExecute`

The node controller adds the taint to a node corresponding to the [NodeCondition](/docs/concepts/architecture/nodes/#condition) `Ready` being `Unknown`.

## node.kubernetes.io/unschedulable

Example: `node.kubernetes.io/unschedulable:NoSchedule`

The taint will be added to a node when initializing the node to avoid race condition.

## node.kubernetes.io/memory-pressure

Example: `node.kubernetes.io/memory-pressure:NoSchedule`

The kubelet detects memory pressure based on `memory.available` and `allocatableMemory.available` observed on a Node. The observed values are then compared to the corresponding thresholds that can be set on the kubelet to determine if the Node condition and taint should be added/removed.

## node.kubernetes.io/disk-pressure

Example: `node.kubernetes.io/disk-pressure:NoSchedule`

> The kubelet detects disk pressure based on `imagefs.available`, `imagefs.inodesFree`, `nodefs.available` and `nodefs.inodesFree`(Linux only) observed on a Node. The observed values are then compared to the corresponding thresholds that can be set on the kubelet to determine if the Node condition and taint should be added/removed.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
The kubelet detects disk pressure based on `imagefs.available`, `imagefs.inodesFree`, `nodefs.available` and `nodefs.inodesFree` (Linux only) observed on a Node. The observed values are then compared to the corresponding thresholds that can be set on the kubelet to determine if the Node condition and taint should be added/removed.
```

## node.kubernetes.io/network-unavailable

Example: `node.kubernetes.io/network-unavailable:NoSchedule`

This is initially set by the kubelet when the cloud provider used indicates a requirement for additional network configuration. Only when the route on the cloud is configured properly will the taint be removed by the cloud provider.

## node.kubernetes.io/pid-pressure

Example: `node.kubernetes.io/pid-pressure:NoSchedule`

> The kubelet checks D-value of the size of `/proc/sys/kernel/pid_max` and the PIDs consumed by Kubernetes on a node to get the number of available PIDs that referred to as the `pid.available` metric. The metric is then compared to the corresponding threshold that can be set on the kubelet to determine if the node condition and taint should be added/removed.

Reviewer: “D-value”? This might well confuse readers - it confuses me.
